
I don't like to acknowledge a problem without also acknowledging those who work to fix it, so just wanted to acknowledge shows like "Mad Men", movies like "Bridesmaids",
我喜欢在认识一些问题的同时，也去了解那些努力解决问题的人，所以我喜欢看“广告狂人”这类电视剧，和“伴娘”这类电影，
whose female characters or protagonists are complex, multifaceted. Lena Dunham, who's on here, her show on HBO that premiers next month, "Girls",
这些女性角色或主人公是复杂的，多面的。屏幕上写的莉娜·杜汉姆，她在HBO的新作 “都市女孩”将于下个月首映，
she said she wanted to start it because she felt that every woman she knew was just a bundle of contradictions,
她说之所以拍这部作品是因为她觉得，她认识的所有女人都是非常矛盾的。
and that feels accurate for all people, but you don't see women represented like that as much. Congrats, guys.
而所有人也都这么觉得，但女人的这一特点并没有被充分表现出来，祝贺你们了。
But I don't feel that I still feel that there are some types of women who are not represented that way, and one group that we'll focus on today are teens,
但我不觉得我认为仍有一些女人的类型是未曾被展现的，今天我们要关注的一类就是青少年。
because I think teenagers are especially contradictory and still figuring it out, and in the '90s there was "Freaks and Geeks" and "My So-Called Life",
因为我认为青少年是尤其矛盾的，仍在不断探索当中，90年代的“怪胎与书呆”。
and their characters, Lindsay Weir and Angela Chase, I mean, the whole premise of the shows were just them trying to figure themselves out, basically,
和“我所谓的生活”中的角色，琳赛·威尔和安吉拉·切丝整部剧的前提，基本上就是她们自我探索的过程。
but those shows only lasted a season each, and I haven't really seen anything like that on TV since.
可惜那两部剧只播了一季，自那以后我再也没看到过类似的电视剧。
So this is a scientific diagram of my brain around the time when I was, when I started watching those TV shows.
这是一张描述我大脑的科学简图，是在我看那些电视剧时的写照。
I was ending middle school, starting high school. I'm a sophomore now and I was trying to reconcile all of these differences that you're told you can't be when you're growing up as a girl.
我那时刚从初中升入高中，我现在高二了，我一直在设法调和那些女孩长大过程中听到的行为规范的各种分歧。
You can't be smart and pretty. You can't be a feminist who's also interested in fashion.
你不能既聪明又漂亮，做女权主义者就不能追逐时髦。
You can't care about clothes if it's not for the sake of what other people, usually men, will think of you.
要不是为了别人的眼光，通常指男人，你就不能在乎穿着打扮。

