
Four years ago today, exactly, actually, I started a fashion blog called Style Rookie.
四年前的今天，恰巧是同一天，我开办了一个时尚博客，名叫菜鸟风尚（Style Rookie）。
Last September of 2011, I started an online magazine for teenage girls called Rookiemag.com.
2011年9月，我创立了一本在线杂志，面向青少年女生，名叫Rookiemag.com。
My name's Tavi Gevinson, and the title of my talk is "Still Figuring It Out,"
我叫泰薇·盖文森（Tavi Gevinson），我今天演讲的题目是“探索进行时”。
and the MS Paint quality of my slides was a total creative decision in keeping with today's theme, and has nothing to do with my inability to use PowerPoint.
我用微软画图板画的这些图，完全是为了配合今天主题的大胆创举，和我使用PowerPoint的水平没半点关系。
So I edit this site for teenage girls. I'm a feminist.
这个网站是为青少年女生做的。我是个女权主义者。
I am kind of a pop culture nerd, and I think a lot about what makes a strong female character, and, you know, movies and TV shows, these things have influence.
我是个流行文化迷，对如何成为女强人深有研究，众所周知，那些电影和电视节目是有影响力的。
My own website. So I think the question of what makes a strong female character often goes misinterpreted,
对我的网站也是，所以我认为女强人的定义通常被人们曲解了。
and instead we get these two-dimensional superwomen who maybe have one quality that's played up a lot, like a Catwoman type, or she plays her sexuality up a lot, and it's seen as power.
取而代之的是平面的女超人，要么鼓吹她某一种特质，比如猫女之类，要么夸大她的性欲，还被视为能力。
But they're not strong characters who happen to be female. They're completely flat, and they're basically cardboard characters.
但这些都不是女强人形象，这简直无聊至极 充其量是些纸片人。
The problem with this is that then people expect women to be that easy to understand,
那么问题就来了，人们希望女人简单易懂。
and women are mad at themselves for not being that simple, when, in actuality, women are complicated, women are multifaceted --
女人因为没那么简单而大伤脑筋。而实际上，女人是复杂的女人是多面的－
not because women are crazy, but because people are crazy, and women happen to be people.
并非因为女人很疯狂，而是人类很疯狂，而女人正巧是人类。
So the flaws are the key. I'm not the first person to say this.
所以缺陷也是关键，以前也有人这样说过。
What makes a strong female character is a character who has weaknesses, who has flaws, who is maybe not immediately likable, but eventually relatable.
女强人有弱点，也有缺陷，或许你一开始不喜欢她，但最终会欣赏她。

